Why would one want to walk
around with a telephone?
We have all known about cordless
phones and how useful they are.
You can walk around in the house
while you're on the phone.
The phones work in unlicensed
bands called ISM bands.
ISM stands for Industrial, Scientific and
Medical bands that the FCC
recently opened up back in 1985 or
86 for people to use.
And it's the same banks that you can
use for cordless phones, garages,
science experiments, so on and so forth.
So the base unit that you see,
plugs into the telephone network, and
the handheld has a battery and
talks to the base unit let's say,
in 49 megahertz bank.
And the base unit does
all the call processing.
And as the cordless phones got popular and
the neighborhood was getting really
crowded, you could hear your neighbor's
conversations, new devices started coming
in, and 900 megahertz band,
just to keep up with the demand.
Now, think of the base unit of
your own cordless phone hanging
off a tower via your phone.
And now imagine multiple
such base units in your city
arranged in a honeycomb on the right side.
So when you are home, you connect to one
of the base stations, let's say BS1.
And when you go to Bob's house,
maybe you'll connect to BS19.
So, as you leave your home,
or drive around in the city.
You actually get to take
your phone with you, and
it will continuously connect to one or
the other base stations,
and you could make a call and
you could receive a call.
This was very, very compelling.
People could call you any time without
getting your answering machine.
And you don't have to hunt for
a payphone in order to call someone.